1. "A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." — Walter Winchell
2. "Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together." — Woodrow Wilson
3. "A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." — Elbert Hubbard
4. "True friends are like diamonds — bright, beautiful, valuable, and always in style." — Nicole Richie
5. "There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship." — Thomas Aquinas
6. "A friend is what the heart needs all the time." — Henry Van Dyke
7. "Friends are the siblings God never gave us." — Mencius
8. "A good friend knows all your stories. A best friend helped you create them."
9. "Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one.'" — C.S. Lewis
10. "True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable." — David Tyson
11. "A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world." — Leo Buscaglia
12. "Friendship is not about whom you have known the longest, but who came and never left your side."
13. "Good friends are like stars. You don’t always see them, but you know they’re always there."
14. "Friends are the family you choose." — Jess C. Scott
15. "A true friend is someone who is there for you when he’d rather be anywhere else." — Len Wein
16. "Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world." — John Evelyn
17. "Life was meant for good friends and great adventures."
18. "Friendship isn’t a big thing, it’s a million little things."
19. "Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness." — Euripides
20. "A friend to all is a friend to none." — Aristotle
21. "Some people arrive and make such a beautiful impact on your life, you can barely remember what life was like without them."
22. "Real friendship is when your friend comes over to your house and then you both just take a nap."
23. "A friend who understands your tears is much more valuable than a lot of friends who only know your smile."
24. "Sometimes being with your best friend is all the therapy you need."
25. "Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It’s not something you learn in school. But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything." — Muhammad Ali
26. "Best friends are the people in your life who make you laugh louder, smile brighter, and live better."
27. "The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart." — Elisabeth Foley
28. "Friendship is delicate as a glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks."
29. "No friendship is an accident." — O. Henry
30. "There are friends, there is family, and then there are friends that become family."
31. "A friend is someone who makes it easy to believe in yourself." — Heidi Wills
32. "Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer." — Ed Cunningham
33. "Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity." — Khalil Gibran
34. "A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down." — Arnold H. Glasow
35. "One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives." — Euripides
36. "The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it." — Hubert H. Humphrey
37. "True friends are never apart, maybe in distance but never in heart."
38. "Friends are like walls. Sometimes you lean on them, and sometimes it's good just knowing they are there."
39. "Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life." — Jean de La Fontaine
40. "A friend is one of the nicest things you can have and one of the best things you can be." — Winnie The Pooh
41. "A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked." — Bernard Meltzer
42. "There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate." — Linda Grayson
43. "Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief." — Marcus Tullius Cicero
44. "A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails." — Donna Roberts
45. "A friend is a gift you give yourself." — Robert Louis Stevenson
46. "Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil." — Baltasar Gracián
47. "A true friend is forever a friend." — George MacDonald
48. "Friendship is the only flower that blooms in all seasons."
49. "A friend is someone who can see the truth and pain in you even when you are fooling everyone else."
50. "Good friends help you to find important things when you have lost them… your smile, your hope, and your courage."
