1. "Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
2. "The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters." – Audrey Hepburn
3. "Happiness is the art of never holding in your mind the memory of any unpleasant thing that has passed." – Unknown
4. "Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
5. "The purpose of our lives is to be happy." – Dalai Lama
6. "Happiness depends upon ourselves." – Aristotle
7. "It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness." – Charles Spurgeon
8. "Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." – Mahatma Gandhi
9. "There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved." – George Sand
10. "The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does." – James M. Barrie
11. "For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
12. "Happiness is a direction, not a place." – Sydney J. Harris
13. "Happiness can exist only in acceptance." – George Orwell
14. "True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself." – Joseph Addison
15. "Happiness is not having what you want. It is appreciating what you have." – Unknown
16. "The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness." – William Saroyan
17. "To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others." – Albert Camus
18. "Happiness is the best makeup." – Drew Barrymore
19. "Happiness is a warm puppy." – Charles M. Schulz
20. "Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears." – John Lennon
21. "Happiness is the secret to all beauty. There is no beauty without happiness." – Christian Dior
22. "Happiness is not out there, it’s in you." – Unknown
23. "The key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go." – Dodinsky
24. "If you want to be happy, be." – Leo Tolstoy
25. "Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present." – Jim Rohn
26. "Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be." – Abraham Lincoln
27. "Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling." – Margaret Lee Runbeck
28. "Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people." – Unknown
29. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." – Albert Schweitzer
30. "Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy." – Ralph Marston
31. "Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy." – Anne Frank
32. "Happiness is a state of mind. It’s just according to the way you look at things." – Walt Disney
33. "Happiness is a habit—cultivate it." – Elbert Hubbard
34. "Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life." – Omar Khayyam
35. "A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose." – Tom Wilson
36. "The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open." – Chuck Palahniuk
37. "There is only one way to happiness, and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will." – Epictetus
38. "Happiness radiates like the fragrance from a flower and draws all good things towards you." – Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
39. "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." – Mark Twain
40. "The only joy in the world is to begin." – Cesare Pavese
41. "Happiness is a direction, not a destination." – Unknown
42. "Happiness is a warm glow in the heart." – Unknown
43. "Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open." – John Barrymore
44. "If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." – Dalai Lama
45. "Happiness is a state of activity." – Aristotle
46. "Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
47. "The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness." – Fyodor Dostoevsky
48. "A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness." – Albert Einstein
49. "You do not find the happy life. You make it." – Camilla Eyring Kimball
50. "Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness." – Frank Tyger
