1. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
2. "The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Peter Drucker
3. "You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
4. "Believe you can and you’re halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
5. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
6. "Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." – C.S. Lewis
7. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
8. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
9. "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Arthur Ashe
10. "With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." – Eleanor Roosevelt
11. "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
12. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
13. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." – Zig Ziglar
14. "Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
15. "Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." – Charles R. Swindoll
16. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." – Christian D. Larson
17. "Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
18. "It always seems impossible until it’s done." – Nelson Mandela
19. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
20. "Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser
21. "I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." – Estée Lauder
22. "The power of imagination makes us infinite." – John Muir
23. "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
24. "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
25. "Don’t count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
26. "Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs
27. "Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett
28. "If you want to fly, give up everything that weighs you down." – Buddha
29. "Do one thing every day that scares you." – Eleanor Roosevelt
30. "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." – Henry David Thoreau
31. "You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending." – C.S. Lewis
32. "Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
33. "It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
34. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." – Charles Kingsleigh
35. "You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." – A.A. Milne
36. "Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits." – Jerry Dunn
37. "Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem
38. "The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." – Confucius
39. "All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." – Walt Disney
40. "Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
41. "Small steps in the right direction can turn out to be the biggest step of your life." – Unknown
42. "Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." – Unknown
43. "Be the change that you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
44. "Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time." – Unknown
45. "Strive for progress, not perfection." – Unknown
46. "Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." – George Addair
47. "You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar
48. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
49. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
50. "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." – Albert Einstein
