1. "In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." – Albert Einstein
2. "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon
3. "The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
4. "Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." – Mark Twain
5. "You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." – Mae West
6. "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." – Helen Keller
7. "The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Abraham Lincoln
8. "Don’t count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
9. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." – Albert Schweitzer
10. "You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." – Brian Tracy
11. "To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." – Oscar Wilde
12. "It is not length of life, but depth of life." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
13. "Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning how to dance in the rain." – Vivanne Greene
14. "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." – Robert Frost
15. "The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge." – Bertrand Russell
16. "Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet." – Sarah Louise Delany
17. "Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened." – Dr. Seuss
18. "It always seems impossible until it’s done." – Nelson Mandela
19. "Be not simply good; be good for something." – Henry David Thoreau
20. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." – Unknown
21. "The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate." – Oprah Winfrey
22. "Everything you can imagine is real." – Pablo Picasso
23. "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." – Confucius
24. "Life is too important to be taken seriously." – Oscar Wilde
25. "The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." – Oprah Winfrey
26. "Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs
27. "Life is a flower of which love is the honey." – Victor Hugo
28. "It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." – Epictetus
29. "The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." – Pablo Picasso
30. "Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem
31. "The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better." – Robert F. Kennedy
32. "Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." – Søren Kierkegaard
33. "When one door of happiness closes, another opens." – Helen Keller
34. "The best revenge is massive success." – Frank Sinatra
35. "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
36. "Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw
37. "Happiness depends upon ourselves." – Aristotle
38. "Live life as if everything is rigged in your favor." – Rumi
39. "A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives." – Jackie Robinson
40. "You don't have to be richer to live better." – Unknown
41. "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela
42. "Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be." – Grandma Moses
43. "Life isn’t about finding yourself. It’s about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw
44. "There are no regrets in life, just lessons." – Jennifer Aniston
45. "Life is too short to wait." – Unknown
46. "To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides." – David Viscott
47. "Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." – Khalil Gibran
48. "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
49. "The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." – Tony Robbins
50. "Life is not about the destination, it’s about the journey." – Unknown