1. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." – Albert Schweitzer
2. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
3. "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." – Colin R. Davis
4. "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
5. "Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser
6. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
7. "I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson
8. "Success is not in what you have, but who you are." – Bo Bennett
9. "Success is where preparation and opportunity meet." – Bobby Unser
10. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vidal Sassoon
11. "Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit." – Conrad Hilton
12. "There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." – Colin Powell
13. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." – Robert Collier
14. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
15. "Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett
16. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
17. "Don’t wait. The time will never be just right." – Napoleon Hill
18. "Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying." – W. Clement Stone
19. "Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." – Bill Bradley
20. "Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston S. Churchill
21. "The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well." – John D. Rockefeller Jr.
22. "Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Confucius
23. "Success is a journey, not a destination." – Arthur Ashe
24. "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." – Albert Einstein
25. "To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence." – Mark Twain
26. "Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value." – Albert Einstein
27. "I never dreamed about success, I worked for it." – Estée Lauder
28. "Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." – George S. Patton
29. "Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." – Robert F. Kennedy
30. "If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." – Anonymous
31. "Success isn’t just about what you accomplish in your life; it’s about what you inspire others to do." – Unknown
32. "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." – Maya Angelou
33. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
34. "Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better." – Jim Rohn
35. "Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." – George Bernard Shaw
36. "Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." – Orison Swett Marden
37. "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." – David Brinkley
38. "Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." – Dale Carnegie
39. "Action is the foundational key to all success." – Pablo Picasso
40. "Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed." – Booker T. Washington
41. "Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph." – Zig Ziglar
42. "The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t. It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere." – Barack Obama
43. "If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." – Steve Jobs
44. "Success is not the absence of failure; it’s the persistence through failure." – Aisha Tyler
45. "Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." – Robert Kiyosaki
46. "Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get." – W.P. Kinsella
47. "The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do." – Unknown
48. "What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." – Ralph Marston
49. "A goal is a dream with a deadline." – Napoleon Hill
50. "Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
